the United Nations says that nearly two
million people in Gaza are facing severe
food and water shortages Nel Sharif has
gained access to Northern Gaza and
reports on the Water Crisis
there the Water Crisis in Gaza is
hitting hard the lifeline of the
displaced people here in jabala refugee
camp the Israeli occupation forces
bombed Wells and desalination plants
here in North
Gaza
we came from a very far away place to
fill these barrels with water we live in
Kamal adwan we don't have any water
there we have to make a lot of effort to
carry these barrels back to our area we
put the hose under the rubble to get
some of the water that's not really
suitable for drinking the situation is
catastrophic may Allah help us there are
70 people in our building and we need to
bring water twice a day because these
barrels are only enough for half a
day
my father sent me from alwa area to get
water from here I told my father we have
to live we have to face the dangerous
circumstances out here in order to stay
alive my brothers are with me the water
is sometimes enough for a day and
sometimes it's not I do my best to feed
my donkey because I use my donkey to
bring water sometimes we share our water
with our
[Music]
neighbors we put too much effort and
walk long distances to get water every
family needs water God knows how many
kilometers we walk every day to get some
water God help
us the water is polluted and a lot of
people are having diarrhea and vomiting
there is no ambulance Tak them to
medical centers the Israel forces shell
the wells so as not to give the people
any chance to drink clean
water besides the lack of water there
are other crises there is a lack of
electricity and
what